Presentation: Hierarchy level size limiting (#5168)
iTwin/itwinjs-core: docs/presentation/hierarchies/FilteringLimiting.md

To help end users find what they're looking for, all presentation-driven hierarchies support [hierarchy level filtering](#filtering). With that in mind, assuming hierarchy levels need to be filtered down to be useful, presentation-driven hierarchies also support [hierarchy level size limiting](#size-limiting).

## Filtering

As mentioned in the previous section, the amount of nodes in a hierarchy level could be huge, which makes it useless to end users as it's impossible to find anything there. To help with the problem, hierarchies support hierarchy level filtering, which helps reduce the amount of nodes being displayed in a single hierarchy level by applying users' supplied filters.

The filter applies to a single hierarchy level and doesn't filter the whole sub-tree.

### Workflow

1. Hierarchy levels that support filtering have a filter icon at the right of the parent node when it's hovered:

   ![Filter icon on filterable parent node](./media/filtering-limiting-workflow-1.png)

2. When the button is pressed, the filtering dialog shows up:

   ![Filtering dialog](./media/filtering-limiting-workflow-2.png)

>    The dialog allows filtering the results by class and properties of elements w hich the hierarchy level consists of and doesn't display properties of classes that don't exist in the hierarchy level. In addition, selecting a class filters the available property list to show only properties for that class of elements. And it works in the opposite direction too - selecting a property filters the classes to show only the ones that have the property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The dialog allows filtering the results by class and properties of elements which the hierarchy level consists of and doesn't display properties of classes that don't exist in the hierarchy level. In addition, selecting a class filters the available property list to show only properties for that class of elements. And it works in the opposite direction too - selecting a property filters the classes to show only the ones that have the property.
```

- Usage of the `parent` ECExpression symbol in `instanceFilter` attribute of either [Instance nodes of specific classes](./InstanceNodesOfSpecificClasses.md#attribute-instancefilter) or [Related instance nodes](./RelatedInstanceNodes.md#attribute-instancefilter) specifications.

- Usage of some deprecated, undocumented rules or attributes.

When any of the above is used to create a hierarchy level, filtering for that level is going to be disabled.

### Setting up hierarchy level filtering

Setting up hierarchy level filtering is as simple as supplying a presentation-specific tree renderer to the [ControlledTree]($components-react) component:

```tsx
function MyTree(props: MyTreeProps) {
  const { nodeLoader, onItemsRendered } = usePresentationTreeNodeLoader({
    // supply nodes loader props
  });
  const eventHandler = useUnifiedSelectionTreeEventHandler({ nodeLoader });
  const treeModel = useTreeModel(nodeLoader.modelSource);

  // create presentation-specific tree renderer

>   const treeRenderer = React.useCallback(

Reviewer: I don't think there is a need to have a stable reference of `treeRenderer` so `useCallback` can be removed to simplify this example.

Author: simplified
